Causes of death are many and varied. Old age, suicide, illness...
But the cause of death that scares the most people in this day and age...
Yes. The evangelism is proceeding smoothly.
There may be some slight obstacles, but it will not be a problem.
Infernalization will move forward without a hitch.
Very well then, Evangelist...
Látom.
The core remains of sample "Infernal A"
showed different characteristics compared to those of "Infernal B."
After analyzing them, soot and DNA from a creature other than the victim
were identified in the core.
You concluded that it was insect genetic data.
Those are conclusive experimental results, arrived at through my research.
I've investigated many Infernals,
and the samples that I believe were artificially created
all had the same thing in common.
All of the samples had traces of some kind of creature
entering the core from the outside.
Insects.
"Episode 8: Infernal Insects"
The darkness is illuminated
The days we've grown accustomed to walking are weeded out
My dream might be to make a stable living
but I'll moan over the lack of stimulation
The end is illuminated
Where are the streets we're accustomed to walking?
Time can sometimes be irksome,
but we're enveloped in warmth
Flames rise to show us the way
reminding us of a gentle melody
There is no eternity, none at all, they say
I just smile, thinking that's fine with me
If we shine, someday, our light will go out
We'll keep on walking until the day
the fire of our lives gets doused
Playthings that make sounds
and magic that chases pain away
are all precious treasures to me
There is no eternity, none at all, they say
We'll keep on walking until the day
the fire of our lives gets doused
It's been five days since we joined the 1st.
Our investigation is to last a month.
We have to find leads on artificial Infernals within that month.
Whoa, Lieutenant, what are you doing?
Are you all right? Any problems? Is Arthur doing all right?
I told you, we're fine, sir! Please don't come by every morning.
My, if it isn't the lieutenant from the 8th.
Hard at work again today, I see.
Hello.
He certainly is concerned about his men, isn't he?
He really is.
Jeez, this is getting embarrassing! Please leave!
Hmm? What's come over you all of a sudden?
You should check in with the captain more often. He's concerned.
Yes, all right.
Shoo! Shoo!
Yikes, Captain Hibana is here, too.
They have us, here from other companies, prowling around,
and they aren't acting like they're on guard.
At the 5th, with all of Haijima's trade secrets,
you'd never see everyone behaving this openly.
According to my investigation, artificial Infernals appear primarily
in security zones, where only Fire Soldiers can enter,
and in fire sites that have been closed off.
Much as it disturbs me,
chances are high that a Special Fire Soldier is the culprit.
But is the culprit here at the 1st...?
U-Um, why did all of you become Fire Soldiers?
Why, to be a hero, protecting everyone from human combustion and Infernals!
It's only natural that a knight would fight on behalf of the weak.
Well, I'm a third generation, and as a Fire Soldier, I'd be in with the ladies.
You're all so great.
I can't really use my pyrokinesis very well.
Nor do I have any grand objective like the rest of you.
Forget about the objective.
As long as we end up helping others, that's enough, isn't it?
Yeah, I guess so. Thanks, Shinra-kun.
How long are you going to sit around eating?! Time for morning assembly!
Everyone, hurry back to your appointed stations and--
--Sorry. I was reaching for the mayonnaise, and you... --What the hell are you doing, sicko?!
Whoa, hey!
You jerk! You stay away from me-ow!
Could you knock off your lucky lechery?
Is that morning assembly?
That's the alarm! An Infernal has appeared!
Juggernaut, report to Lieutenant Hoshimiya!
Kishiri, Lieutenant Li!
You two from the 8th, report to Lieutenant Flam!
There are five victims who Infernalized.
This appears to be another multiple incident.
Nozaka Squad, make sure the civilians are all evacuated.
Matsuda Squad, you'll gather information and report it to everyone.
The rest of us will look for the Infernals.
Let's put them to rest quickly!
--Yes, sir! --Yes, sir!
Awesome. This is one swift, take-charge company.
You two from the 8th, stand by here with Matsuda Squad.
But we can help, too!
Our leadership structure would be thrown off by newcomers.
Keep on keeping yourselves here.
Are you all right, sir?
What happened?
There they are!
After them!
What about the Infernal?
Right now, we'll just have to let the 1st handle him.
You'll pay for this.
Fire Soldiers are supposed to protect citizens!
Don't think that you can escape my feet!
Shinra!
What are you doing? I thought I ordered you to stand down.
What have you been doing back here?
I will--
--We don't get to Shinjuku very much, so we got lost. --What the hell are you doing...?
Lieutenant Rekka, laying to rest has been completed.
Tamaki, good work.
All right, we're heading back.
Hey, why did you stop me?
Aren't those lieutenants our artificial Infernal suspects?
We still don't know who the enemy is, and who our allies are.
We could have been eliminated right there on the spot.
Then what are you planning to do? You saw what happened.
Yeah. I definitely saw it.
He pressed a bottle containing an insect against that civilian's back.
Immediately afterward... ...they Infernalized.
This is the worst. How can a Fire Soldier be creating Infernals?
The person you saw wearing those robes
was only one of three lieutenants from the 1st.
We'll have to start by investigating Karim and Rekka.
You sure are enthusiastic. These guys are formidable foes.
Of course I am. I don't care who they are, they have to pay.
First thing we check is Karim's room.
He's not there right now?
I told Juggernaut to come up with some excuse to keep him occupied.
Have you told him about our mission?
No.
He seems to have taken a liking to Tamaki,
and when I told him I'd get her number for him,
he was only too happy to cooperate.
Never mind him, though, why are you dressed like that?
I made a job change, from knight to assassin.
After carrying on about being a knight for so long, you just...?
I'm a knight.
"Karim Flam"      "Out"
Hey!
Mini Excalibur. I made it from a sheet of plastic,
so it can only be used once.
You dumbass! This will leave evidence that someone broke in!
That doesn't sound like you.
What, did you lose your nerve after Burns beat you, you wuss?
Huh?
If solving the mystery of human combustion could be done cleanly,
it would have been solved a long time ago.
Hmph, say what you want, but you're not gonna solve it.
That's it!
You can make an Infernal with one of these?
That clinches it. Karim Flam is our culprit.
I left that insect-like insect there on purpose.
Your behavior in the back alley was abnormal, so I thought I'd test you.
Looks like the 8th is here pursuing that insect-like insect, too.
What are you talking about?
I'm out to get the owner of that insect, too.
Oh, so you're on our side.
How can we trust you?
You saw the culprit, right? The fact that you narrowed your suspicions on me
means they were wearing robes like this.
Isn't that right?
There was one other man there at that moment wearing robes like mine.
Rekka Hoshimiya.
There was an incident two months ago
where a group of children collectively caught fire. It was far too unnatural.
It was then that I found the insect.
Children were burned?
I got a five-star from the gacha machine.
Oh, yeah! No fair!
Hey, you two...
Fires sure are scary, huh?
You heard about that incident where children your age burned up, right?
There's a way to make sure the flames don't get you.
Why don't you come with me?
What are you doing?
"No trespassing"
Okay, let's go!
Tamaki, thanks for rounding them up.
I finally found a sacred prayer to protect against Infernalization.
If we can save the children from the flame threat, I can die happy!
Lieutenant...
I want to save even more, but I'm much too wretched! Curses!
Um, Father, will they really not become Infernals?
Yes! But you haven't told anyone, because we don't want squabbling, right?
Yu-kun at my cram school burned up. I don't want that to happen.
If I do what you say, I won't ever burn up, right?
Of course you won't.
Everyone, now that I'm here, everything will be all right.
You'll be mighty people, who can't be beaten by flames!
Tamaki, would you mind stepping outside? I'd like to focus on the prayer.
Huh?
Thanks for all the help you've been.
I'd like to see the prayer, too, sir.
I would do anything for you, Lieutenant Rekka.
My stars!
Thank you, Tamaki!
You're really making too much of it, sir...
Tamaki! I'm so grateful!
All righty!
Now...
...to find someone suitable for the pilot light. You all have been chosen.
W-We've changed our minds!
We can't have that. You would destroy your own child's future?
What a poor mother you are.
Mom...
Return to the great flame of fire.
You're going to go look for Rekka, right? We're coming with you.
This is the 1st's problem. You two keep out of it.
We are currently assigned to Karim Squad, sir.
Then your squad's lieutenant is ordering you to stay out of this.
We have no intention of following that order. We're not even formal members.
Hmph, so you're like men who are my men, but aren't my men, then?
How freeing for you.
Feel free to feel free, then.
Well, that didn't work. I just wish there was someone here who was suitable.
Stop crying! You won't ever get strong that way!
You can't be afraid of the flames! You want to get stronger!
Right? Isn't that what you want?
Lieutenant Rekka, what on earth...?
I was going to let you live to take the blame,
so I must not have squeezed hard enough.
Huh? What do you mean, sir?
You are the only one who can accept my passion and fervor, Tamaki!
This isn't happening, right?
Lieutenant Rekka, are you the one who has been creating Infernals?
I respected you so much, sir!
You respect me, don't you?
Or do you let your feelings change as easily as that?!
I'm not giving up! No matter how many innocent children must be sacrificed,
I won't give up! Not ever!
I will create Infernals for the Evangelist,
until the day when I find someone suitable for the pilot light!
You were a hot-blooded guy who was awkward
but never let it get you down. I always found that to be cool about you.
But you were just a hot-blooded son of a bitch, weren't you?!
My stars!
Lie there and be quiet.
Now, for the pilot light... --No! Stop! No!
--Tak-kun! --No! Stop! No!
Here you go, Tak-kun. It's all right.
Tak-kun!
Must be my imagination...
Hang in there! I know you can accept the flames!
Stop...!
Hang in there, Tak-kun! Fight!
Fight, Tak-kun!
He isn't becoming an Infernal?
He's compatible.
I did it! I finally found someone compatible for the pilot light!
There are still four of you children left.
You haven't been spared yet,
so take on the pilot light and earn victory for tomorrow!
Charge it up, charge it up, fight! Don't let it beat you! Fire!
Please... stop, already... Somebody... I'm begging you...
Somebody help!
What are you doing, Tamaki?
I thought you were an outstanding, obedient subordinate!
What are you doing, Tamaki?!
There are children watching! You shouldn't be like this!
The children are trying so hard!
You were supposed to take the fall for this crime!
What's become of you, Tamaki?!
I used to like you.
I figured you were the only one who could do it!
I'm going to have to change the plan and kill you.
The hot-blooded, gentle lieutenant...
I'll make it look like you burned yourself to death!
Curses! I had faith that you could do this! This is hard on me, too!
My fist is weeping over this!
I will stand by and see your end through!
You're going to die in my place, Tamaki!
--Stop, Lieutenant Rekka...
--I looked up to you. --Stop, Lieutenant Rekka...
Help me...
Are you okay, Tamaki?
"To be continued"
You can toil your way through humorless days
and curse the unwavering present,
but words that simply hang in the air
are not enough to save you
We've been walking shoulder-to-shoulder
between sights we never reach
and pain that brings no warmth
to make it to a faraway place
Given the hope that you speak of
or the ideals that you dream of
I'll find a way to show you love, however cold you may be
You can toil your way through humorless days
and curse the unwavering present,
but words that simply hang in the air
are not enough to save you You can cry out timidly
but that changes when the nights grow fevered
Even if we let go of each other's hands,
I hope we can still walk together again
I'll refrain from saying goodbye
to ensure that we can meet again somewhere
"Next time"
"Episode 9: The Spreading Malice"